[Yamato] What's wrong, Mei?
[Mei] A cat...
Hmm?
Wow, he's cute.
Someone just left him here...
I wish I could take him home,
but we already have a cat.
But if I just leave him
here, he'll be taken to a
shelter for strays and...
I bet he'll be fine.
He's such a little
cutie and all,
I bet someone will snap
him up in a heartbeat.
[Mei] How can you be so cold?
This is a matter of whether
this little cat lives or dies.
He's desperately crying
for our help. Don't act...
like it doesn't concern you.
You're right.
[Mei] Sorry. You didn't do
anything, Kurosawa-kun.
I just wanna...
[Mei's phone vibrates]
[Yamato] Mei, help me!
Wh-What's going on?!
[Yamato] Please, I can't...
Oh man! I-I don't
know what to do!
It's okay, alright?! Calm down
and tell me what's going on!
[Yamato] He won't drink
anything but milk!
The cat? The cat, right?
That's right. He wasn't
eating anything else.
But then, he started
sniffing at my sashimi,
[Yamato] and I gave him some.
[Kitten beings meowing]
[Mei] And then?
[Yamato] And he started
to chew on it a little...
Then he started crying
for more after he barfed.
Listen! Can't you hear him?!
What's going on, Tachibana-san?
What kind of sashimi was it?
[Yamato] A chunk of tuna,
about an inch wide.
That's too big. Tear it into
smaller pieces for him.
[Yamato gasp in surprise]
[Yamato] He's chewing it!
All right! He ate it
without throwing up!
Man, he's too cute!
By the way, he
hasn't pooped yet.
What? That's way more
important, you idiot!
[Yamato] Idiot?!
Uh, he's straining...
He's straining!
He just pooped! Hallelujah!
Wow, I don't know what
I'd do without you.
You're awesome, Mei! Thanks.
[Yamato] Ta-da! Look!
Wow!
He's adorable!
[Yamato] I know, right?
I named him Kuro after
his sleek, black fur.
That's my boy. Kuro!
Kuro, huh? Even
his name is cute.
Not very original.
His eyes are really big!
When it's feeding time,
he just stares at me with
those big eyes of his.
It's too cute for words.
Lucky you, Yamato.
[Yamato] Want a picture?
Mmhmm!
I'll take it and set
it as my background.
[Nakanishi] What are
you doing, Asamicchi?
Everyone knows a couple's
backgrounds should be a
shot of them together!
But he's such a
cute little kitty.
But we're cute together
too, yanno!
[Aiko] God, shut up. You're
giving me diabetes over here.
[Mei] Uh... Thanks.
[Yamato] Huh?
For what?
The kitten.
I'm glad you decided
to take care of him.
But I'm wondering if I was
selfish about it and made you
take care of him, yanno.
Don't worry about it, Mei.
It's because of you that we get
to keep him in the first place.
[Mei] Keep him?
[Yamato] Sure!
[Yamato] We're not just
taking care of him,
he's part of the family now.
Even if the original owner
comes looking for him,
I'm not letting him go.
Okay then.
[Yamato] Just look at him!
He's just way too cute!
Don't you think?
[Mei] Yeah.
[Mei] I'm glad
Kurosawa likes cats.
[Yamato] Yanno, Mei.
[Mei] Hm?
[Yamato] You should
come over sometime.
[Mei] To your place?
[Yamato] We can introduce
Kuro to Marshmallow.
Whaddya say?
[Mei] Mm, okay.
"Come over..."
He invited me over
to his house...
I know you're coming with
me, but it's Kurosawa's...
N-No! You've got it all wrong!
Marshmallow!
Kurosawa said he
wants to see you.
I have no choice. I'll
have to go with you.
[Ms. Tachibana] What's
with all the noise, Mei?
[Mei] He-He didn't invite me!
He invited Marshmallow, Mom!
[Ms. Tachibana] Huh?
[Yamato] Mei!
[Mei] It's huge...
[Yamato] Huh?
Come on. Let's go.
[Mei] Okay.
Big brother!
You left the house without
feeding the kitten again!
He's been crying for
food all afternoon!
[Yamato] Did I? Sorry, Kuro!
Big Brother, who's she?
[Yamato] Mei Tachibana.
My little sister.
Say hi, Nagi.
Uh... good afternoon.
This is your girlfriend,
Big Brother?
What a letdown.
[Yamato] Hey, Nagi!
Behave, or else!
[Nagi] Hmph!
Wow.
Sorry, Mei.
No, it's okay.
I don't mind.
[Yamato] Come on in.
[Mei] Okay.
Come in.
Thanks for having me...
[Mei] My first time...
in a boy's room.
Please be yummy.
Oh, no! We're behind
closed doors!
Mei, get your mind out
of the gutter, okay?
What? That's-that's not what I-!
It's alright.
I won't do anything
you don't want me to.
Relax, okay?
Come here.
Mei, you're so aggressive!
I-I am not! Get away from me!
[Yamato] I was just kidding.
How about we spend
the day like this?
Wha-are you kidding?!
Well?
[Mei's heart slowly
begins to race]
Your smell is amazing.
Uh! I stink?
I didn't say that.
[Mei] Kurosawa's
hand is so hot.
Could he be nervous, too?
[Yamato] Hey, Mei?
[Mei] Yes?
Yanno, I noticed
you're still calling me
Kurosawa-kun all the time.
It's okay if you use my first
name. We are dating, after all.
Okay, sure...
How about Kurosawa?
Hang on, you're only
dropping the "-kun" off?
Man, that's harsh, Mei.
[Mei] Get off of it! This
is a big step for me!
I'm not going to start
being rude to people just
because I'm dating somebody.
[Yamato] All right... We'll
take it one step at a time.
But... I'm hoping you tell
me you love me. Some day.
[Nagi knocks at the door]
[Nagi] Big brother,
I'm coming in.
Wha-what are you...
[Nagi] No, big brother is...
[Yamato] H-hey, wait!
My Big brother's in danger!
[Yamato] I told you,
nothing happened.
You big liar! She
was attacking you!
Listen... You're
getting it all wrong.
I don't think so.
Don't get ahead of yourself!
I'll never accept you as
my brother's girlfriend!
And you can't make me!
[Yamato] Nagi! That's enough!
Now apologize.
[Nagi] No.
Fine. Go to your room then.
Sorry about that.
It's okay.
She really doesn't normally
act up like this.
But she's been this
way for six months,
and hasn't gone to school.
She used to bring friends
over all the time,
but she's even
stopped doing that.
We still haven't
figured out why.
[Girl 1] Nagi-chan! Can we come
over to your place today?
Yeah, alright!
[Girl 1] All right! Let's go!
[Girl 2] Count me in!
Nagi-chan's place is so nice.
It's so big and fancy.
[Girl 3] Can I come, too?
[Girl 1] It's okay, right?
[Girl 1] You don't mind, do
you? The more, the merrier.
Yeah, of course!
[Nagi] I used to be
surrounded by friends.
They'd come over all the time.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[Girl 1] All right!
[Girl 2] What? Seriously?
[Girl 3] That one didn't
count. Let's go again. Again!
[Nagi] Though every time,
I felt like an outsider.
[Girl 1] Nagi-chan, let's
hang out again today.
[Nagi] I was so happy when
they asked to hang out...
I know that game!
It's the one where you dress
your avatar and fight.
[Girl 1] Uh, yeah. I'm in the
middle of something important,
so could you not talk to me?
[Girl 3] Yes! I got a new
face! Oh, yeah. Sorry...
[Girl 1] Seriously? No fair!
[Girl 1] Right, Nagi-chan?
[Nagi] Huh?
[Girl 2] You're really good
at making cookies, Nagi-chan.
[The girls compliment Nagi on
her cookies and fawn over them]
[Nagi] I was happy when they
all smiled and complimented me.
But...
[Girl 1] Hey, can we stop
by your place again today?
[Nagi] Today, um... My relatives
are coming over, so...
[Girl 2] Oh, so we can't?
[Nagi] I-I'm really
sorry about that.
[Girl 3] Seriously? Lame.
[Girl 2] Man, we could
have played all the
games we wanted to.
[Girl 3] And she always
gives us snacks.
[Girl 1] Exactly. Why else
would we be her friends?
[Girl 3] Oh, wow. You
said that out loud.
[The girls all laugh]
[Mrs. Kurosawa] Nagi, why
aren't you ready for school?
[Nagi] My tummy hurts.
[Mrs. Kurosawa] Again?
[Nagi] Using the same
excuses over and over,
I started skipping school.
Nagi, it's the phone.
Sounds like your friend.
[Nagi] I don't want to talk.
[Yamato] I wanted to
do something for her.
And Nagi just wanted
to stay in her room.
[Yamato being high-pitched] Hey,
Nagi? Are you awake?
Boo.
Get well soon, so you
can go to school.
See? Rabbit Yamato's
worried about you, too.
I'm your big brother.
Tell me anything, okay?
Yeah.
[Nagi] Since then, he's
been my brother when my
big brother's not around.
It's not fair. I
forgot Yamato 2.
Mei?
What's wrong?
N-Nothing really.
It's good...
Isn't it? Nagi made it.
[Mei] She made this delicious
cake by herself?
It isn't just cake.
Let's see. Figurines, dioramas,
art work, you name it.
Her room is like a museum.
The walls and shelves are
full of stuff that she's made.
Wow...
[Yamato's phone vibrates]
Huh? Uh... Yeah?
Yeah, hey Nakanishi. What's up?
[Nakanishi] I'm on my
way home from a date.
[Yamato] Huh?
[Nakanishi] With
Asamicchi, of course!
So, we actually
bought you a gift.
[Yamato] You want me to
come get it? Right now?
Why? Huh?
You're a knucklehead,
you know that?
Wha? He hung up.
Sorry, Mei! Do you
mind if I step out?
I've gotta hop on my bike,
but I-I'll be back in a minute.
Sure, it's fine.
[Yamato] Look after Kuro
and Marshmallow for me.
Good god...
Freaking Nakanishi!
[The cats growl at each other]
Don't fight, kitties.
What's with the stare down?
[Mei knocks at the door]
[Mei] Um... He seemed to be
missing you after he got left
behind, so I thought maybe...
Oh, thank you, Mei-san.
[Mei] No, thank you, Nagi-san.
[Nagi] Huh?
For the cake. It was
really delicious.
I heard that you were really
good at making other stuff, too.
That you can make
anything you want to.
You're brother sounded
really proud of you.
Wow...
[Nagi] I make stuff when
I don't have anything to do,
so I ended up with
all of these.
[Mei] Awesome! You made
all of them yourself?
It looks so real... Okay!
I've never really seen
a bear up close before,
but it's like something
bigger than reality
lives in here yanno?
You don't need to exaggerate.
Anyone can make a stuffed animal
by looking up instructions
in a book, or on the internet.
No, really! I know for a fact
that not everyone can do it!
[Nagi] It's easy.
[Mei] When I was your age,
I tried picking up a cookbook
making cookies once...
And it was easy, right?
I thought I followed all of
the directions to the letter.
And I did everything I could to
make them just like in the book.
[Mrs. Tachibana] They look nice.
Your father is going
to love them.
[Mei] You-you think so?
You could really tell it
was my first attempt...
Still...
[Mr. Tachibana yells]
My father broke his front teeth.
That can't be!
It's sad, but true.
It was the birth of
the weaponized cookie.
And the trauma kept me
from baking anything ever.
[Nagi] Hey! Don't give
Yamato 2 any weird energy!
[Mei] Uh! Sorry!
You say his name is Yamato 2?
It's because my brother
gave him to me.
This rabbit...
He's my best friend.
[Mei] Your friend, huh?
I was thinking, I'd sure
like to make more friends
than I already have now.
But Mei-san, isn't my
brother your boyfriend?
Isn't that enough for you?
[Mei] That's not it.
If anything, I think
I want more friends and people
in my life because of him.
Nagi-san... I used to hate
people because they're so
quick to betray each other.
They'll say they're your
friends, but then ignore you
or even shun you when it
stops being convenient
or fun for them.
I didn't wanna have
friends like that.
And I thought I didn't
need them.
Yeah, I agree.
They use you as
much as they can,
then once they're done with
you, they all disappear.
I don't need friends either!
I hate everyone!
I thought that, but
you know what, Nagi?
It wasn't right at all.
I thought I was stronger,
rejecting relationships
and friends.
But once you reject
people, you're stuck.
You lose the opportunity
to make those connections
that define your life.
And when you've lost
those chances, you
don't get them back.
Someday, maybe you'll
find someone like you
to share your pain with.
I can't tell you when that'll
happen or who it's gonna be,
but I do know this. That person
is going to be really special
to you and you have
to be ready for them.
When you meet them,
don't turn them away.
That's what Kurosawa-kun
helped me see.
Nagi-san, you like to create
things when you're bored,
isn't that right?
Okay. Here's what I think.
I bet you're gonna find
someone else who's out there
who's just as creative.
[Birds chirp loudly]
What is it?
The-the cats!
In Kurosawa's room!
I forgot all about
Marshmallow and Kuro!
Oh, thank goodness.
I can't believe I forgot
to look in on them...
You're so dramatic.
Take it.
[Mei] You're sure?
I wonder... do you think
I can make friends again?
You can.
Let's do our best!
[Nagi] What are you doing?
[Mei] No, wait. I...
[Nagi] You're still doing it!
[Mei] I uh... It's a reflex.
It's not on purpose.
My desire is to try
hard subconsciously.
[Nagi laughs] Okay, weirdo!
[Yamato] I'm home!
Thanks for waiting!
I've brought some stuff home
from the Hokkaido Festival.
From Nakanishi and Asami...
Um... Huh?
Uh...
So what in the world were you
guys up to when I was gone?
I'm not exactly sure
what you did, but...
Thank you, Mei.
[Mei] If only I
could stop time...
Everyone's wished for that
at some point in their lives.
Even in difficult times, it's
important to hold on to the joy
of being connected to others.
[Marshmellow] That's really deep
Mei, now put me down. Meow.